hey everybody welcome back Sydnor the
lion pls mining of eyes again with plus
last rotten and what can you say curse
of the blind brimstone guilt-free this I
mean
HP wives if you ignore the Hierophant
card a little bit of a dicey start ll v9
l sv f it's a bad grade in the set
reviews but either way damage is good
rate of fire is better than average luck
is good and speed is okay like this is
actually and we can't ignore the Europe
on card because we have the hero font
card so we'll take it of course and then
we have a choice I think this is going
to be a divisive opinion not to you know
overstate the importance of what is
essentially a decision in a video game
which in the whole scheme of things you
know if you've got two good decisions
you your two good options I should say
you live in the good life you know but I
think we will probably take a golden
teleporter I just think it's more
interesting than then Pandora's Box
Pandora's Box is also good but we'll
just we'll have to use it on this floor
if you want to take golden teleporters
so we honestly might as well golden
teleporter should allow us to get deals
with the devil we don't deserve air
rooms we don't deserve secret rooms we
don't deserve etcetera etc so you've got
another couple of spirit hearts out of
that the the smart money is not to get
tinted rocks and instead try to find
secret rooms so I actually like I think
I'm going to save all of our bombs for
now until we know where the highest
percentage chance of finding the secret
room is which we probably already can
infer but you know can't deduce with
pure logic for just a little bit here so
again this is how committed I am is that
I didn't want to use a bomb too
not our all it's gonna shoot it's gonna
shoot okay I didn't want to use a bomb
to get golden teleporter I figured it
was a smarter play just to sacrifice one
of our thankfully many spirit hearts to
get it sorted come on dude come on
though okay getting that is important
then we have enough keys and money to
get a battery charge from our shop
should one exist fighting the turd
Ling's right away so the way that golden
teleporter works and I'm saying this not
to because you know you know you're
going to be like I know though if you
had golden teleporter before don't
explain anything to me anymore okay I've
already heard it once in my young mind
is like a sponge that holds on to all
information infallibly the first time I
hear it you don't understand it has
basically a priority queue of secret or
special rooms I should say so if you
have not been to all of the regular
rooms that it takes you to the closest
regular room you haven't been to when
you use it if you have been to all the
regular rooms it takes you to a special
room you have not been to so for now it
would take us to the shop for example
now that we've been to the shop it'll
take us to one of the two secret rooms
and this is where things get a little
tricky cuz I'm got to try to find
ideally both secret rooms all that
stinks um okay
they could be a secret room that could
be a secret room this could also be a
secret route let's try here I just got a
feeling in my gut there we go that was
the regular secret room I'm losing my
mind okay then we should probably
teleport this is the second secret room
which has given us an eternal heart so
the next deal or the next teleportation
should be a deal with the devil
so before we pay for the battery charge
I want to go get some red hearts that we
can actually take a deal with the devil
a little cheaper and honestly I mean
this is golden teleporter for us right
now has essentially given us on HP
upgrade already plus the two spirit arts
from Pandora's box I'm going to count
them and then also deal with the devil
precedent for the cost of betrayal which
is not bad necessarily we knew we were
going to get a deal with a devil on the
next floor anyway but this way you know
we've at least started stacking up items
and it didn't even take us that long to
be honest with you so I think that this
is it's starting to demonstrate the true
power of this item and we got a ton of
keys like this run is looking completely
fine right now I really thought I could
make it in and out of there without
getting hit instead we took three hits
we were guaranteed to take two and
probably like a highly likely to take
three but still it hurts but either way
like the run is actually very very
strong right now relative to where we
are in the game it's not like you know
if they put me on the the dark room like
this the black lodge I wouldn't be
feeling that great about myself but you
know we're not on the black lodge are we
we're on the cellar I'm trying not to
get rattled but bad trip pickup comes
with me at the end of kind of a lean set
of rooms for us here so it's trying to
limit the amount of damage lost it's
tough because you know it's essentially
unpreventable
well if you want to ever take pills
you're going to have to acknowledge that
occasionally you're going to get a bad
trip pill that's going to make you an
unhappy camper but one way or the other
I'm going to find you I'm gonna get you
again gigantea it looks peep it we know
we have to go into that room regardless
if we want to use carefully if we want
to use a golden teleporter properly
golden teleporter also I just want to
point out guaranteed get out of jail
free card for boss rush guaranteed you
know I don't have to fight mob and boss
Trap rooms there's some positives we're
going to have to backtrack anyway we
might as well fight the boss now and see
if we get some like bonus let's go DPS
basically there's one growth hormones is
very nice right now you're going to
think that this is wrong and you might
be right but I don't think we should
take duality I'm going to take duality I
rethought it no but so why why not take
duality well I was like that just adds
one more special room that makes it
harder for us to find a narrow room
because now on every floor there should
be a deal with the devil and a deal with
the angel I think unless it's like it I
guess it depends on the way that the
game is structured if the floors are
generated 100% at the time that you
enter the floor then there should be a
deal with the angel on every floor now
all that stunk if if instead it's like
hey once you beat the boss we've spawned
that was ridiculous he jumped he jumped
the length of the room I'm losing my
mind
I'll just important um we could use the
HP to to be honestly we played terribly
on this floor but I still disputed the
damage that was just done to me by that
spider is sensible yeah that HP is good
okay so we're back in the saddle again
here we need more money and we could use
some bombs
more money so we can buy battery charges
and bombs so we can access secret rooms
because right now we just we're going to
get access to a secret room Wow
exquisite well with our spacebar item
slot crickets head dude somebody up
there likes me we might as well teleport
right now let's second secret room
access which is probably the better of
the options here two stone chests is a
decent Hall we're looking for I mean
ideally two battery charges enough money
to buy one battery charge and and maybe
bombs to access the second secret room
is also pretty good might be able to
swing an air room still just careful
here another bomb okay so we got two
bombs and there's really only one
location to look for a secret room here
we are spending a lot of time but it
doesn't bother me it's time well spent
if it gives us an extra item could speed
us up in the future tell you what we can
use one bomb to look for a nickel and we
got it and we got another key out of it
as well which can be important there is
a battery charge and we can go hard on
our donation machine it's at max after
like years we finally got it back
well ph.d is still good even if it did
just give us I'm drowsy we get a narrow
room that strikes me as being pretty
horrible we've the opportunity to do
like two mob trap rooms at once lovely
okay so to blow that up well it did pay
for itself come on
getting a little on the silly side here
got a lot of keys and an empress card
dude bit of a bummer on that one but
that's okay we're only a little bit
behind schedule and honestly doesn't
matter boss rush is not the focus of a
golden teleporter run or teleporter 2.0
the focus of a teleporter run like this
is to you know milk that item for all
it's worth and sometimes you can get
some good stuff out of it sometimes you
don't get good stuff out of it but it's
fun to use it regardless so it's pretty
much the principle reason I took it
anyway yeah that that one didn't
necessarily work out 100% but we did get
HP on the floor despite also throwing a
little bit of HP away I'm interested to
see how do allottee works for us in the
future and battery charges on the ground
are like a hundred percent excellent
might be a little afraid though from the
perspective of like you know I'd like to
have more than one-and-a-half spirit
arts in one red heart but our stats are
great I mean 10 damage on the third
floor
can't complain got more battery charges
in there it's not really worth
teleporting right now but I'm going to
do it anyway because we're going to get
a charge before the boss regardless so
you just go in to your hope for spirit
hearts or demon hearts and that's how
that went down thankfully and then saves
us a little bit of time on the backtrack
as well help
anyway this run the the sane of the run
is overpowered the sane of the
commentary so far the thing is like you
know every episode internally you know
here at northernlion HQs the meet of 1.0
zane per hour threshold and sometimes
that comes from the run and sometimes it
comes from
we've got 12 keys let's go for luck
sometimes that comes from the run
sometimes it comes from the commentary
this time it's coming from the run but
this run really exemplifies what makes
Isaac such a fun game I think we one of
the things that makes Isaac such a fun
game like I'm just I'm not ruffling any
feathers here at this point the core
gameplay loop of like running around and
dodging bullets that appear on the
screen is not really my central you know
enjoyment of Isaac it's much more than
like slaw machine style like what's this
run going to look like that happens
instead so I think in terms of like like
raw mechanical enjoyment solitude
prognosis we had that last run as well
so like life's been good in terms of raw
mechanical enjoyment like enter the
gungeon is a little bit more fun to play
I think the the moment-to-moment dodging
and shooting is more fun than than
denies again in dead cells like that
Symphony is a knife style combat is is
really awesome as well I think those
games have done a great job of
innovating on the the formula that I
want to say Isaac is the first roguelike
because obviously that's ignorance but
you know as the most popular roguelike I
think they've done a good job of
emulating that and iterating on that but
still no other game yet
that I've played has the same kind of
like diversity in terms of run character
not even just quality because like every
run and every rogue light is a little
different some of them are a little
Sammy I guess but most runs in a lot of
rogue lights are little are different
from one another I'm just going to pop
it right off the bat dude what are you
doing with these items here the trash
it's trash once upon a time you dressed
so plain em sister Maggie no on the
Deauville though
yeah okay I mean we might not get a deal
but if we get a deal we should go to the
deal with the angel and then we're
looking for secret rooms and get the
heck out of Dodge I have duality oh I
see
so we've already compromised duality by
using the Joker and the Cu not anti Bob
Dylan I actually saw Bob Dylan concert
once and you know blood on the tracks
and blonde on blonde and a highway 61
revisited or like three of my favorite
albums of all time I think I'm just
going to start we got enough battery
charges to just leverage this but I will
not mince words like the Bob Dylan
concert I saw was one of the worst live
shows I've ever seen in my whole life
and I'm not hating on the dude tickets
were not that expensive
they were like 85 bucks which in a
vacuum sounds like a lot but you're
seeing like an actual legend of popular
music that's not even close to hyperbole
but you know it's not that bad but the
other thing is the dude is like 85 years
old so you kind of I think you just got
to accept it that way I saw the show I
was like blue I hope he plays you know
tangled up in blue but now he's just
sort of very workman like do plays like
180 shows a year or something like that
so he just bangs out like you know hit
after hit and then he gets off the stage
there's no like they in 1960 me and June
get lovely you know not Joan Jett Joan
Baez you know it's really just like
that's just here so I don't get fine all
right so yeah I mean again not trying to
burst your bubble if you presently hold
tickets to see Bob Dylan but the show
was unremarkable enough that I'm still
like I mean I you know
have to and take this from somebody for
a while as a superfan it's not like I
went to the concert and was like this
guy's a fraud no I just I came back and
I was like we just watched an 80 year
old man sing some songs
yes it sounds like really disrespectful
hey what do you expect he's 80 years old
you know if you go see like Beyonce yeah
I'm expecting fireworks right this is
Bob Dylan the man is born in the frickin
20s
we got a try Libre dude it's a huge
damage downgrade I wouldn't dispute that
he's probably born in the 30s born in
the 1930s he was born in the 1930s he
was anyway that's that's my review of
the Bob Dylan concert which essentially
just came down to that was Bob Dylan
there is pretty much all it's about at
that point so it's the end of the
anecdote please I want blood bag for HP
but also for all stats and that's
actually a pretty sizable all stats
upgrade anything that gives you one full
rate of fire up when you have Libra I
think it's fairly substantial weight
would pay attention to the yeah so I was
going to say pay attention to the secret
room access I actually didn't think
about it but the dog tooth is like
excellent when you have teleport 2.0
because it allows you to find these
secret rooms easily which means that you
can get to the air rooms more easily
which means that you can get you know
the double Ragman fights for free more
easily which means that you can get a
key more easily so in the end it's all
gravy definitely sure why not that ended
up being a very very good shot for us
there's zero chance of boss rush but I
kind of feel like that's the trade-off
of teleport 2.0 like if you use it
properly you
you won't if you use it properly and
your goal is to get error rooms it's
going to be tough for you to make boss
rush work if you're using it as you know
free teleport cards dude
also pretty good so we're what what an
incredible look in room here literally
20 cents just kickin about sure I will
do this I don't need to fight you
it's a point I'm not going to pick up
the nickel we're kind of living in a
post-scarcity economy here in Isaac
because the donation machine and it
literally has been like two years but
the donation machine is actually back I
forgot about the constant struggle that
it's been not struggle in my sense like
it was hard but you know struggle in the
sense of like we've been trying to get
that back at 999 cents for quite a long
time now we've done it we've done it it
keeps the APM high I don't know I
haven't been to a concert in forever man
I think part of the problem is that I
grew up in a pretty small town it's a
town between like two major cities in
Canada not a full tears upgrade probably
cuz we're at the cap I guess but okay so
there's our deal with the devil and we
can definitely afford the mark and I
don't care about little delirium so I'll
take it but it was kind of like I get it
like if you're Bob Dylan and you're like
okay I've only got enough energy to
really bang out two shows this week are
you going to bang out Kingston Ontario
show or are you going to do Toronto
Montreal you're probably going to do
throttle Montreal right they're bigger
cities just a continually amazing haul
here from our arrow rooms anyway so the
same thing like I was a superfan like a
Modest Mouse superfan and they played
just an awful no offense man because
this
probably statistically people watching
the sewer you know maybe in my hometown
there's a big university there in that
University you know that attracts very
smart people I don't know how its
reputation is lately I thought it had
taken a bit of a nosedive
probably because I'm not using my degree
they were really banking on that but
let's go oh he almost made it I got
beaten by the freeze like I'm not
insulting the alehouse if it still
exists but you know I saw modest mouse
play live at the Ale House in July now
should we turn the AC on nah that would
cost us 50 bucks so instead let's just
give like everybody at the venue heat
stroke and monitor mouse was fine like
they were they were good but I sort of
got the vibe that they were like where
are we you know it's like the the spinal
tap in Springfield moment from The
Simpsons like we love you and then he
looks at the back of his guitar
Springfield I can't blame them you know
it's better I almost prefer that than
like sometimes you go to a concert in
the middle of nowhere and then you know
they're like greater Nappanee fans are
the greatest fans of the world and
you're like that doesn't seem likely
this town is fifty five hundred people
the greatest fans in the world
I mean they're good people I'm not
getting you're wrong it's I'll say what
you will about Greater Nappanee but they
just breed the greatest music fan but
then you go I mean you go to those
concerts they have comforting lies told
to you like that it's all the spike was
off-center and it broke my brain okay so
I feel like it's not really fair for me
to you if you're paying for the concert
tickets they should provide an ideal
performance I agree but at the same time
you know there's a difference between
Woodstock and like you know the
Belleville Folk Festival
if Joe Cocker shows up to the belt is he
still alive I should pick a living
artist if Joe Cocker shows up to
Woodstock and falls off the stage that's
news if he shows up to the Belleville
Folk Festival and he's a little drunk
people go like my let's you know it's
got some down-home charm to it it's why
like I don't bring my a-game
unless it's III like at PAX hey and now
I'm a big fan of you oh you know I
listen to your videos every night yeah
whatever nerd talk to me in Los Angeles
if you want to have a real conversation
I'm just here so I don't get fined
that's obviously false I hope that's I
hope that's clear probably didn't need
to make it clear but I hope it's clear
nonetheless so I'm going to use they
hear a font khari this run is just just
strange not bad just strange still
pretty good Libra is one of those things
you know I'm trying to get it to to pop
as often as possible and I just the last
couple of times we've had it this time
in the last time we've had it I haven't
really managed to make it pop obviously
we should just take that it really does
come down to in our situation we found
easy abilities oh I hate myself
we found easy abilities to enable
finding all of the rooms that we want to
go to what we have not done is had high
quality of items in those rooms
you know we hate we haven't knocked it
out of the park on error rooms basically
is what it's a roundabout way of what
I'm saying
why not teleport out well I still have a
full charge at this point we're laid in
the floor and we feel regular
in it so we were at the pharmacy today I
don't know why like you know one crate
that car girl I am bringing it okay
let's stab will do let's take it we
deserved punishment in this item is bad
and it costs us a lot of our HP so
that's adequate punishment
we are the pharmacy today and my initial
reaction is like to tell you what we
bought at the pharmacy as if I need to
either like corroborate the story or
like you know you're my mom and I was
like I need an excuse to be at the
pharmacy whether it's a pharmacy okay
great it's a general store basically and
I have embarrassed Mullen I'd like to
relay to you I didn't go to the
self-checkout because I parked at the in
a commercial parking lot which means you
get a parking slip and then often times
businesses will give you a small
discount off of what you purchase in
order to reimburse you for the parking
so you can't do that at self checkout so
instead I had to go talk to a real human
being as I had other parking slip and
he's like cool so he took 250 off the
off the bill and then he handed me the
goods that I purchased and he said have
a good day and I said have a good knife
and then I said oops have a good day
pretty smooth right that's the end of
the story is a real of the relatively
minor social slip-up but that dude I
know you know I've spent some time in a
public-facing roles before I became
essentially a hermit and that dudes
gonna I hope you had a good laugh over
it for like the next you know two or
three minutes so I did that idiot just
say have a good nice that's a new one
I mean knowing the location of this
pharmacy you probably get some you know
wilder interactions than that on a daily
basis but at the same time I hope I'm
not saying I selflessly did this to
bring joy to this side to this man's
life I'm just saying that what that
didn't give me a charge
I'm just saying that I hope as like
what's the opposite of collateral damage
like collateral compensation as
collateral compensation I hope it did so
what's the ideal outcome for us on this
floor honestly if we could pick up like
a spirit heart that'd be pretty sweet
I'm not too picky obviously the actual
ideal is something like soy milk that if
we'd blown ourselves up there I would
have been in a bad spot but we we should
get some HP stop taking like the world's
dumbest self inflicted damage and then I
guess a fairly so good a fairly
realistic outcome that would be very
nice is if we got mama mega from the
shop which gave us boss rush access and
then we just teleported out of it
because that would mean for obvious
reasons to be something that would be
very interested in we have gone too slow
and and honestly played too badly on
this run in a broad sense to feel happy
about fighting boss rush Oh brain it's
like you you think you're flying but you
didn't so you're dying
she said you're pretty good with words
but words won't save your life and they
didn't so he died thank God for the one
key there nothing here makes any good
sense to purchase in my opinion the moon
card is actually kind of nice though
we'll just use that right away dodge
right into that I think we blocked it
with the I don't think was the razor it
might have been Guppies hair ball but
either way
trying to take advantage of the good
situation we found ourselves in stars
card we have been to our item room
already so the Stars card is not worth
much we already have like guaranteed
teleports what it does mean is that we
can that's very nice
it does mean we can fight the boss right
away and then get out
yeah let's I know there's one room back
there this seems like kind of a waste
but there's there's really nothing
better to do with our stars card I think
at least the binding of I think the
buttress of Windsor we got to go devil
deals I mean we don't but I want to
because of the guppy chance here and
free devil deals are actually ideal for
us right now because of my relative
badness so it made it back here been to
both secret rooms so our next
teleportation I believe that we
basically destroyed the angel room by it
not being our choice after the boss
fight so I'm pretty sure that our next
teleportation will take us straight to
the arrow room because we've been to
both secret rooms I don't need a guppy
item wouldn't kick it out of bed for
eating crackers expression I still don't
fully understand you know what that's
pretty solid
it just seems nonsensical to me that you
would choose to eat things in your bed
on the regular and III want you to know
by the way I been getting this
reputation that I feel is slightly
undeserving for being like a fictional
adults people go oh NL you know you're
always talking about how good Kael is
like why don't you stop trying so hard
dude that's not me trying to like put on
airs to make you think I'm an adult I
probably would have a better like
financial interest and you guys thinking
that I lived like a permanent bachelor
but like I just do kales delicious I'm
sorry to tell you if you don't like kale
it doesn't mean you're wrong but if you
think I like kale Daz like I'm putting
on airs or something you are incorrect
it's delicious food stuff okay now the
point what I was going to say though is
I'm getting this undeserved reputation
for like pretending to be an adult but
I've lived I have lived a very very
bachelor esque existence and many times
throughout my my life you know you can
ask Michael al Fox sir I've lived in
squalor decrepit houses I here's an
honest-to-goodness thing in in the house
I lived in in college we live in two
houses but the second house I lived in
in college I had six five other
roommates I can't remember and it was a
big Gish house at least because I mean
it had six bedrooms a couple of which
were just like oh this used to be a
closet and now it's a bedroom but anyway
so people would come over all the time
and there was a basement area that
smelled like mold
but was conducive to having a lot of
people sit on a couch and you know play
Super Smash Brothers a rock band or
something like that so we have people
over fairly frequently when you when we
urinated the bathroom was two floors up
so oftentimes people would be like I'm
too lazy maybe you know adult beverages
were involved maybe they weren't I don't
know why you're you narc or something so
we let's use the Sun card here we
instead of going all the way up to the
top floor sometimes we would just go out
the back door which opened up into the
outside and just urinate there usually
is all dudes let's be honest no
self-respecting woman wanted to find
herself in this environment so you know
we had to lay of the land or we have the
we had the control of the land I suppose
um we didn't do this this is just wear
and tear but eventually the the house
was in such poor condition the concrete
that led from the outside to the
basement eroded which meant that if you
peed outside after like three people
peeing the pee would start to like
I'm tried it would diffuse into the
basement basically like there's a little
puddle and a crack from the outside led
into the divot in our basement and it
would slowly fill up with actual human
urine that's the kind of conditions that
I've lived in at times in my life so
when you say like Oh little ml why are
you pretending to be so dignified you
know that's I'm not trying to say you're
a hundred percent in the wrong you know
I pride myself on having some
self-confidence I guess at this point in
my life but I've and you know what the
worst part is we weren't like oh we got
to get this fixed we were like oh I got
a deal with his urine thing until we
move out okay
you know we're renting I'm not gonna pay
for this like I've lived in some some
bachelors bachelors conditions I lived
alone in a foreign country where I
didn't really speak the language you
know many times you know be like oh it's
Wednesday night what should I have for
dinner what about a whole can of
Pringles from the convenience store you
know I've been there I forgot where I
was going with this run but I think it
it was gonna come down to like you know
I'm we're not so different you and I the
thing is like I am you but older you
know I've been there I've I've gotten my
I wouldn't say I've gotten my life
sorted out but I've you know I have a
positive influence in my life now that
will not allow me to urinate in such a
way that it Bloods into our own house
because that would be like pretty gross
to begin with but you know it's just a
different phases of life sort of thing I
know that story is going to gross you
out by the way you're going to be like
NL that's gross I know it's disgusting
you know what's even grosser is that the
rent that we paid for that place that's
you know that's the spooky part that you
don't want to know I mean we have
battery charges we have a couple battery
charges so we should be able to get
whatever we want here I'm not proud of
that at all I told you I've told the
story on the show at least when I lived
in South Korea I plugged in my xbox 360
and it exploded because they use a
different voltage in in Korea exploded
like yellow dust oh I shouldn't use that
there I thought we
any thoughts of awesome like electrical
poison or something came out and like
air out the apartment Google like yellow
dust transformer exploding will I die
the answer so far seems to be no which
is pretty sweet but I'm just saying
we're not so different you and I you
might be like me someday I want to point
out as it's always Austin is going on
about you know the one and L I eat
vegetables you know like he's trying to
roast me I'm going for it I shouldn't
have gone for it
alright max level Bombo at least this
could be good thank you for the half
spirit heart Austin is the guy eats so
much takeout he's given himself like
abdominal poisoning a great time for the
goat head two times in six weeks and I
want to point out them aware that the
risk of me saying that if you may
actually have at this point been
diagnosed with something more serious
although I assume that it's probably
just routine so I'm not trying to roast
my friend I'm only roasting him because
he roasts me I just you know I'm I'm you
four years in the future you got to eat
some vegetables from time to time when
you're when you're 18 your body is self
sufficient you can live on potato chips
you can't do that forever I can no you
can't you don't understand you haven't
the rules apply to you your DNA is like
a trillion years old was not literally
you the idea though you know it's a
hundreds of thousands of years old the
human body stops it stops being able to
live on potato chips do both secret
rooms we never should have taken both of
those deals in cases not abundantly
clear but I'm glad we did because it
keeps me on my toes here no doubt about
that
I'm not trying to tell you how you
should live your life I'm just saying
even vegetables I'm at the point in my
life I'm at an age where I'm not old but
eating vegetables makes me feel good
I ate like five slices of pizza
yesterday as well that also made me feel
pretty good but you know and I eat like
a like an apple as a snack
I feel just better afterwards
and I don't know if that's lame or
awesome but does an apple taste as good
as a slice of pizza look anybody who
tells you that it does is a Lyonya but
you don't necessarily gasoline you buy
you got to buy because it smells good
when you burn it you know this is a
strange metaphor we got him we got him
okay so we have the goat head which is
like completely unnecessary right now I
feel like on this floor we might want to
abstain from our previous Platonic ideal
of always getting a narrow room because
I'm very scared about my existence on
planet earth right now don't you dare
you know what I'll go for it I mean I
could just teleport out at this point as
well but should be dusted pretty easily
oh you jerk you know what having gotten
some extra spirit arts out of it at this
point it seems like we should actually
look for everything we found both secret
rooms right that was it's I don't think
it's that I'm pretending to be an adult
I think it's that I'm actually like one
of the older members of the NL SS crew
at 24 I was living pretty similar to how
I'm living right now I'll admit but you
know at 21 I was right there with
just some like awful decrepit living
spaces you know the school that I went
to the area its unique and it's in a way
like awesome because the culture is that
after first year of University everybody
lives off campus or almost everybody
lives off campus and there's an area
that's colloquially known as the ghetto
because it's not really the ghetto but
like it's pretty grimy but it's nice
it's a good culture just like it's all
students living there and by a good
culture I mean like hey it's a great
lifestyle if you're between the ages of
like 17 and 24 which almost everybody in
that neighborhood is but there are like
sometimes you be at somebody's house and
their neighbors would come out and
they'd be like fifty years old with kids
and you're like you should have every
right to be here but why would you
choose this place amongst all the other
places you could be this place it just
seems like a bad call oh it's a gummy
transformation anyway but that's that's
their business not mine so what do I
care
um but yet do people just get enriched
being I don't want to call them slum
Lords necessarily but yeah how much is
this house worth on the open market I
don't know maybe like forty five
thousand dollars in cash day of purchase
all right well what are we charged seven
hundred dollars a month times six
bedrooms oh yeah no you can get that
easy strange world but
it was a good time I can't deny that all
right regular snow not regular secret
room did we actually get bookworm not
quite I'm going to keep teleport 2.0
owner away we can't get error rooms
after the Cathedral I think so or I
don't even think we can get air rooms on
the Cathedral to the best of my
knowledge so I think this is it for
teleport 2.0 and you know what you did a
thing I'm not there's not the greatest
golden teleporters we've ever had but
it's certainly you know not bad and at
this point I mean we've gotten in in one
floor we basically went from me thinking
that had a good chance to die to feeling
like words pretty much on killable here
I was going to say I wish we had nine
lives but who cares like weird look at
this run it's extremely unlikely that
that anything bad happens to us on this
run which I feel like is the thing you
say just before bad things happen to you
but we got nothing to done nothing to
worry about we got keys
we got luck we're got in Vince ability
that I'm not even using and for once we
can actually ignore doing our due
diligence which honestly just makes it
that much sweeter like let me tell you
when you when you always do your
homework it's that much sweeter when you
skip it that's the thing it's like
everything in moderation including
moderation right if you never do your
homework I can't imagine you know
skipping it on day with 300 feels as
good as it did on day one you know
you're always trying to get back to that
that first high could be wrong I
basically never know what I'm talking
about so but unlike all other youtubers
and streamers who also don't know what
they thought they're talking about I at
least admit that I don't know what I'm
talking about it's easy to get a big
head doing this job sometimes because
everybody tells you you're a genius and
you know that oh you're so funny you
make my
so much better you know those are honest
comments I'm sure not just gassing you
up and it they're much appreciated but
at the same time you always got to
remind yourself you're actually just
kind of like like a normal person who
might be a little clever but maybe not I
don't know you know it's like that
you're you're also mortal thing
I can't imagine dude like this sounds it
sounds like a weird thing to say but I'm
really glad that I didn't make it as a
professional youtuber when I was like
literally 18 years old not that I was in
the market at the time the point is like
I don't know what is I I at least worked
like a couple bad jobs see you later
buddy
I have no interest in becoming doctor
just on this one but like I at least
like I'd gotten some perspective I don't
know what it's like if you're like 80 I
mean it first up I imagine is sweet in
in many ways but I don't know what it's
like on a personality standpoint if
you're like just leaving high school
maybe and you're making like I don't
know that you totally four times as much
money as like your own parents it's like
some child actor stuff right your
parents are like you know let me should
really don't be a doctor I don't know
this vlogging thing is going to work out
forever and then you're like hey by the
way mom you know I I got paid thirty
thousand dollars this month I don't even
know how to do long division anymore how
much you get paid this month oh maybe I
should just go be a nurse like you right
like I think now I'm not I haven't met
any like 18 year old youtubers that I
have this experience with but I can't
imagine dude like well of course we'll
go down here I think that has the
potential to just make for some if you
had the the possibility within you to be
like a terrible person I think that that
level of of Fame at a young age could
actually bring it out in a big way I
mean I guess in the end it comes down to
whatever kind of
person you are to begin with like what
kind of kind of stuff you got going on
inside yourself from the strength of
your character but I can't even imagine
like especially if you were like like
matp raps or something like that you
might be making like like five hundred
thousand dollars or more per year as a
thirteen-year-old doing rap cover songs
that's crazy I can't even imagine the
effects that you ever have like he's
like someone in your high school and
then you're like wow that guy's a dick
why is he such a dick
oh he's the highest score on our high
school basketball team that is like
ranked 35th in the state like that
breeds kind of like it has the potential
to breed some like you know alpha
nonsense out of it imaginable why is
that guy acting so high and mighty he
just bought a mom a Lamborghini for his
birthday and he skipped class in sixth
period you know I I just can't even
fathom it did I just not pick this up
earlier I don't even remember doing this
room I'm sure there's there's counter
examples of you know people who have
made it big or big ish at a young age
and then we're totally fine I just think
like I can't even imagine man
I know how many times have said that but
you get the idea the idea is I cannot
even imagine man didn't really exist
when I was a kid it still I imagine it's
extremely rare now but when I was a kid
it was like you know whoa you know she's
kind of a big shot she's playing Cosette
in the you know all children community
theater reboot of lame is that's playing
at the second-largest theater in the
city for two shows he's like wow she's
gonna be famous one day yo dude why are
you beaming oh I got interviewed on the
street I'm us music about how I feel
about Shawn Desman I think it's going to
be my big break different different eras
not was just just different man just
different did we smoke delirium this is
a fun run I had a good time I hope you
did as well that's a win number eight in
a row if you did click the like button
now set a great deal of course subscribe
if you want to see more in the future
but for now thanks for watching and I'll
see you next time